♪ Jitterbug ♪
♪ You put the boom, boom
into my heart, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ You send my soul sky-high ♪
♪ When your lovin' starts ♪
♪ Jitterbug into my brain, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Goes a bang, bang, bang ♪
♪ 'Til my feet do the same ♪
♪ But something's bugging me ♪
♪ Something ain't right ♪
♪ My best friend told me ♪
♪ What you did last night ♪
♪ You left me sleeping in my bed ♪
♪ I was dreaming ♪
♪ But I should've been with you instead ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo ♪
♪ I don't wanna miss it
when you hit that high ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not planning on going solo ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go, ah ♪
♪ Take me dancing tonight ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ I wanna hit that high ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ You take the gray skies
outta my way, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ You make the sun shine
brighter than Doris Day ♪
♪ You turned a bright spark
into a flame, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ My beats per minute
never been the same ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my lady ♪
♪ I'm your fool ♪
♪ It makes me crazy
when you act so cruel ♪
♪ Come on, baby ♪
♪ Let's not fight ♪
♪ We'll go dancing ♪
♪ Everything will be all right ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo ♪
♪ I don't wanna miss it
when you hit that high ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not planning on going solo ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go, ah ♪
♪ Take me dancing tonight ♪
♪ I wanna hit that high ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, baby ♪
♪ Jitterbug ♪
♪ Cuddle up, baby ♪
♪ Move in tight ♪
♪ We'll go dancing tomorrow night ♪
♪ It's cold out there ♪
♪ But it's warm in bed ♪
♪ They can dance ♪
♪ We'll stay home instead ♪
♪ Jitterbug ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ Don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo ♪
♪ I don't wanna miss it
when you hit that high ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not planning on going solo ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go, ah ♪
♪ Take me dancing tonight ♪
♪ Wake me up before you go, go ♪
♪ Don't you dare to leave
me hanging on like a yo-yo ♪
♪ Take me dancing ♪
♪ A boom, boom, boom, boom, oh ♪
♪ A boom, boom, boom,
boom, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Take me dancing tonight, ooh, aah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
(upbeat music)